Release 223.0.0 (#4810)
MetaMask/core: packages/polling-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [11.0.0]

### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: The input to start polling is now a generic type that can be any input, instead of requiring a network client id like before. The functions interfaces are updated to accommodate this. `startPollingByNetworkClientId` is now `startPolling`. And `onPollingComplete` now returns the entire input object, instead of a network client id. ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: `AbstractPollingController` now accepts a generic type parameter `PollingInput` which is polymorphic, unlike the previous monomorphic required input of a network client id ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
- **BREAKING:** The `AbstractPollingController` method `startPollingByNetworkClientId` has been renamed to `startPolling` ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
- **BREAKING:** The `AbstractPollingController` method `onPollingComplete` now returns the entire input object of type `PollingInput`, instead of a network client id ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
```
